wireguard.fritz.box ansible_user=root
nginxproxymanager.fritz.box ansible_user=root
pihole.fritz.box ansible_user=root
homepage.fritz.box ansible_user=root
vaultwarden.fritz.box ansible_user=root
navidrome.fritz.box ansible_user=root
metube.fritz.box ansible_user=root
firefly.fritz.box ansible_user=root
octoprint.fritz.box ansible_user=root
linkwarden.fritz.box ansible_user=root
klipper.fritz.box ansible_user=klipper
duplicati.fritz.box ansible_user=root
laravel.fritz.box ansible_user=laravel
openwebui.fritz.box ansible_user=root
mariadb.fritz.box ansible_user=root
stepca.fritz.box ansible_user=root
#truenas.fritz.box ansible_user=root
#archlinux.fritz.box ansible_user=root
#homeassistant.fritz.box ansible_user=root
immich.fritz.box ansible_user=immich
penpot.fritz.box ansible_user=penpot
onlyoffice.fritz.box ansible_user=root
affine.fritz.box ansible_user=affine
#awx.fritz.box ansible_user=root
nextcloud.fritz.box ansible_user=root
